[NEWSTACK-105] PSO 6.2.0-rc1 release for NVMeoF-RoCE support (#177)
purestorage/pso-csi: docs/flasharray-nvmeof.md

# FlashArray NVMeoF Support

## Introduction

The Pure Service Orchestrator Kubernetes CSI driver includes support for FlashArray NVMeoF RDMA SAN type
starting from PSO v6.2.0, explicitly NVMeoF-RoCE.

## Prerequisites

* PSO v6.2.0 or higher
* FlashArray Purity 5.3.0 or higher
* CentOS 7.8.2003 or higher is recommended
* Linux kernel 3.10.0 or higher is recommended
* k8s 1.18 ~ 1.20 are recommended
* For more details please refer to our [support article](https://support.purestorage.com/Solutions/Linux/Procedures/NVMe//RoCE_Initiator_Setup_for_RHEL//CentOS_7.6)

## Usage

### Before starting

* Follow our [knowledge base](https://support.purestorage.com/Solutions/Linux/Procedures/NVMe//RoCE_Initiator_Setup_for_RHEL//CentOS_7.6)
to setup and configure your hosts to use NVMe first (skip persistent settings). PSO doesn't configure the environment automatically.
* If you are running a PSO version lower than 6.2.0, a fresh installation (or a reinstall followed by DB reconstruction) 
is recommended as there are database schema changes in 6.2.0 release.

> * PSO only support one FlashArray SAN type so you cannot mix NVMe with other SAN types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* PSO only supports using one FlashArray SAN type at a time. Mixing SAN types (for example, NVMe and iSCSI in the same cluster) is not supported.
```

# FlashArray NVMeoF Support

## Introduction

The Pure Service Orchestrator Kubernetes CSI driver includes support for FlashArray NVMeoF RDMA SAN type
starting from PSO v6.2.0, explicitly NVMeoF-RoCE.

> ## Prerequisites

Reviewer 2: Please add the prerequisites in the readme.

* PSO v6.2.0 or higher
* FlashArray Purity 5.2.0 or higher
* nvme-cli 1.8.1 or higher

> * Mellanox OFED 2.3 or higher

Reviewer 2: Do we need `Mellanox` requirement?  Do NVMe team has a doc to specify the requirement for FA-NVMe-RoCE? We can add the reference here.
